#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.6
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
attrs==21.2.0
    # via jsonschema
backports.zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via tzlocal
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via directory-components
boto3==1.17.90
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.20.112
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.6
    # via cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
cryptography==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyopenssl
    #   requests
dateparser==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-api-client==24.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-client-core==6.3.0
    # via
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-cms-client
    #   directory-forms-api-client
    #   pir-client
directory-cms-client==10.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-components==37.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-constants==21.0.2
    # via directory-components
directory-forms-api-client==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-healthcheck==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-validators==6.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django==2.2.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   directory-components
    #   directory-constants
    #   directory-healthcheck
    #   directory-validators
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-recaptcha
    #   django-redis
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   sigauth
django-countries==5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-formtools==2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.8.0
    # via directory-healthcheck
django-ipware==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-recaptcha==2.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sigauth
elastic-apm==5.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gevent==1.5a3
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==1.1.1
    # via gevent
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.8.1
    # via jsonschema
importlib-resources==5.2.2
    # via backports.zoneinfo
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via directory-components
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via sigauth
monotonic==1.6
    # via directory-client-core
olefile==0.46
    # via directory-validators
pillow==8.3.2
    # via directory-validators
pir-client==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psycogreen==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via requests
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   dateparser
pytz==2020.1
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   directory-validators
    #   django
redis==3.5.3
    # via django-redis
regex==2021.8.28
    # via dateparser
requests[security]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==0.13.4
    # via -r requirements.in
sigauth==4.3.0
    # via directory-client-core
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   django-countries
    #   jsonschema
    #   mohawk
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   w3lib
sorl-thumbnail==12.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via django
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via importlib-metadata
tzlocal==3.0
    # via dateparser
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   directory-validators
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via directory-client-core
waitress==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
whitenoise==4.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.5.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
